Allow response_body_formatter config to format "binary" responses (#458)
zipmark/rspec_api_documentation: README.md

  # Change how the response body is formatted by default
  # Is proc that will be called with the response_content_type & response_body
  # by default, a response body that is likely to be binary is replaced with the string

>   # "[binary data]" and response_content_type of `application/json` are pretty formated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # "[binary data]" regardless of the media type.  Otherwise, a response_content_type of `application/json` is pretty formatted.
```

>   # "[binary data]" regardless of the media type.  Otherwise, a response_content_type of `application/json` is pretty formatted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # "[binary data]" regardless of the media type.  Otherwise, a response_content_type identified as JSON is pretty formatted.
```
